Updated name and parameters description (#2083)
Unleash/unleash: website/docs/advanced/custom-activation-strategy.md

You define custom activation strategies on your Unleash instance, either via the admin UI or via the API. A strategy contains:

> - A strategy **name**: You'll use this to refer to the strategy in the UI and in code. For eg. If you want to create a strategy using which a feature should be enabled for only some particular contact numbers then you can keep the name as ContactNumbers.

Author: The statement written for the 'name' field was not providing me with the importance of using this field and also what should be the suitable name for the strategy. This led to putting extra effort to understand the correct names to use.

- An optional **description**: Use this to describe what the strategy should do.

> - An optional list of **parameters**: This is a very important field when defining your own strategy. Use this to provide the strategy with arguments it should use in its evaluation. For eg. you can use it in the code like parameters.strategyname

Reviewer: Good suggestion, but not all custom strategies need parameters. For some use cases, just the Unleash context will be enough, if they even need that. Also, how you use it in code depends on the programming language and implementation, so this isn't quite the right place to put the example, I think.

```suggestion
- An optional list of **parameters**: The parameter list lets you pass arguments to your custom activation strategy. These will be made available to your custom strategy implementation. How you interact with them differs between SDKs, but refer to the [Node.js example in the how-to guide](../how-to/how-to-use-custom-strategies.md) for a rough idea.
```

Author: The rewording is much better now. With the earlier statement, I could not make any sense of it. It was not clear that these parameters will be available during implementation. Now it is quite clear that there are multiple parameters that will be accessible. Also, there is a link to look for implementation directly from this page. Thanks!!!
